feat: element type frequency (#1688)
Unstructured-IO/unstructured: CHANGELOG.md

* **Adds `edit_distance` calculation metrics** In order to benchmark the cleaned, extracted text with unstructured, `edit_distance` (`Levenshtein distance`) is included.
* **Adds detection_origin field to metadata** Problem: Currently isn't an easy way to find out how an element was created. With this change that information is added. Importance: With this information the developers and users are now able to know how an element was created to make decisions on how to use it. In order tu use this feature
setting UNSTRUCTURED_INCLUDE_DEBUG_METADATA=true is needed.

> * **Adds a function that calculates frequency of the element type and its depth** To capture the accuracy of element type extraction, this metrics introduces one way to measure the element type accuracy by take in account the depth of the element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Adds a function that calculates frequency of the element type and its depth** To capture the accuracy of element type extraction, this function counts the occurrences of each unique element type with its depth for use in element metrics.
```
small changes/simplification, don't need as much emphasis on depth
